1-  What is JVM (Java virtual machine)? What does it do?
    JVM is a software help us to compile the code, it translate our byte code into machine specific code(computer).

    It is a heart of Java programming because it is responsible for converting Byte Code into Machine specific code.

2-  What is JRE ( Java Run Time Environment) ?
    It is a package of everything necessary to run a compiled Java program, including the Java Virtual Machine (JVM),
    the Java Class Library, the java command, and other infrastructure

3-  What is JDK?
    It has everything the JRE has, but also the compiler (javac), debugger and other tools. (Development Tools)

4-  What is Main Method?
    Method that we can run our code, it is the entry point to our program.

5-  What are Wrapper Classes in Java?
    The wrapper class in Java provides the mechanism to convert primitive into object and object into primitive.

    Why we nee Wrapper Classes?
    -To convert primitive type to reference type
    -To convert strings into data types (known as parsing operations), here methods of type parseXXX() are used.
    -Data structures in the Collection framework such as ArrayList and HashMap store only the objects (reference types)
     and not the primitive types.

6-  What are constructors in Java?
    Where we initialize fields belongs to objects,
    -Constructor is a block of code that initializes the newly created object.
    -A constructor resembles an instance method in java but it’s not a method as it doesn’t have a return type.
    -Constructor has same name as the class

    Halit's Answer = I use constructors to initialize the object, and also they are just like method . And they must
    have the same name with the class.

            They might ask you this question as well...
 7- What is the difference between method and constructor?

            Java Constructor  VS  Java Method
        1- A constructor is used to initialize the state of an object.
        1- A method is used to expose the behavior of an object.


 8- What is the difference between equals() and == in Java?

        equals() is a method
        == is an operator
        == checks if both objects point to the same memory location whereas .equals() evaluates to the comparison of values in the objects

 9- Which members of class can have access modifiers?
        instance variables
        Constructors
        Methods
        Nested class, enums and interfaces

 10-What is Final keyword in Java?
        FOR CLASSES: cannot be inherited by other classes
        FOR METHODS: cannot be overridden
        FOR ATTRIBUTES and VARIABLES: cannot be modified

 11-What is the difference between a local variable and an instance variable?
      Variables defined inside methods, constructors or blocks are called local variables. The variable will be declared and initialized within the method and it will be destroyed when the method has completed.
      Instance variables are variables within a class but outside any method. These variables are instantiated when the object is created. They belong to the class instance(object) and destroyed when the object is destroyed.
      In case of static variables, they belong to the class itself. And instantiated when the class is first accessed.

 12- What is Collection Framework in Java? Explain the Collection Framework?
          What is List? What kind of Lists do you know?
          What is Set? What kind of Sets do you know?
          Differences between List and Set?